very good kids I go with a line of
connection thank you for all three I hope that
you are great perfectly welcome
to a new day we are in a livecd of
duty 4 modern warfare and we go with the
m-40 looks regular to give her little cane
quite that I do not use this
sniper in fact does quite that
do not play this game
I told them to bring you a little game and
here we are
where are the people?
where you have gotten this for me and
come the first
and that for me also shit that failed
We have to kill
is worth the pomegranate god of the pomegranate
this game
they are very difficult to activate
what good call me in the precise
relax the slit come
you have to add again truth to the
rat go rat rat whore what are you doing there
stuck
my mother
I've seen is that I 'm going to snatch here
to kill you take it for ass
will not kill thousands of subjects
márquez failure
the bran
because they have to come
I am but I do not do them
with villas
hello come what said the rock in this
game of the sun
highly impossible to dodge
you're going to eat the pineapple, yes
Handsome
go guys seen and the radar and I say
my mother, there is something good
here there is something good but more burst
so they were here a little rapping
it itches nose pressed
the lights go where in four like that
never eat
in which rim more
OK
thanks for taking me out of here texfor dks
mattel 11 4 that support machining
it's very good very well very well
extreme conditioning so that for
stay like that in a little corner very well
very good champion
enemy mate in the air
to take for ass is that I do not know why
you put extreme conditioning
and do not kill you
mate
not the fucking martyrdom uncle
fucking martyrdom out in the fucking
martyrdom
rat
hello what does
is going to drop a pineapple because he does not want
the thing
u and how good it is to love
good that bar and how bad my aim
my mother or that the second of the tournament
from sniper dicarlo 24 2 ysp s put a
quick
I'm not the killer either
I would join there
one
with 21 the conditioning is carried
extreme but worth 100 in corner and
I want because it touches me
when not the camper are the rocks
nothing happens
because now we do such a thing like that written
to this one
we get through here by the other half
another said mother of mine
since I believe that it is Chaparro
flame takes with
with pineapple that with weapons
good guys this has been all for this
for this life as I say I wanted to
bring a game of lime 24 and nothing if
you want more with 4 just say the
comments a little bit bank but
well our all and until next time
goodbye